hello friends with you lera and
flooding of the beginning of the beekeeping season
starting with the beekeepers
woke up order me a hive
including
grandmother's phil but I have no time traps
do and so I will tell you how
make yourself this one will
you universal tool
Here is such a box is made this box
in general, the best option
do on 7 frames from sheet dvp not knowing
approximately 5 may probably obtained
more who there thought it was possible
count means should be right here
distance
commensurate with the seven frames
on hangers 37 and they should here
persist and slightly indent to
better understand them here such a box that is
its height should be about the frame
I lay on these hangers from the floor
she should have this two centimeters not
more can be slightly and let us mean what else
how to do it is done just taken
Here is such a bar can take 2030 but
it doesn't matter
wins the frame and dvp is stuffed on it
dvp and these two absolutely identical
elements are then made two more
identical elements given this one
the leg is cut two identical
hiv element is broken like this
way on dvp
rather dvp stuffed into bars with one
the sides can be bent if they are
long and there the hardboard is also stuffed here on
these bars and then two of these are taken
the side element is placed them vertically
bottom is nailed to them
here here four eyes through
they go just get there bars and
everything here is tight and still makes its way
by the chiefs
here it is then that these elements are
just sheets of hardboard
carved square nailed from here
in the butts an important element here is this
is the thing it should be in advance
packed and clearly sized
here so that they come here in
it's between the two of these planes is
there is advance making their way from here by the leaders
you can even through
the plank is folded the only way
calculate the frame here
stay
free so now should pass and
sit there that is the distance should
even be a little less than I was about
Novata freely went then another
important element here in this is done
surely cuts it for what if you
buy offsets you need to transport
his trap you will serve as a box
transportation of layering and here it is
propyl ie this propyl is obtained
under this bar here it is
vent if you don't
do in your paradise or layering
bring dead i brought these
here are traps with such cuts 8
lay in my 250 kilometers
carried alive healthy everything is fine
then another cover is made like this
the american version is just taken dvp
nailed on both sides here are such
kris plans are bent straight through
the trap closes it so you're on
fastens
that is, it turns out exactly
wrapped herself here with screws
mounted three places or tails and
you can still from the sides in there screw
here this box is transportable
the bees in it will not die and the frame and
if you do not fix if you taps framework
take the plank less with you 4
frames and here's the slat
screwed screws so that they
moved and the whole system that is
can hold 4 or 5 frames if
put in the forest
this trap well in general then cover it
you need here you can not film
cover if you're standing on the Christmas tree on
good it practically it does not get wet
mentally birch there can we experience well
another important element here is whether such notches
points done here and more than 8
I drank a few millimeters here
a little more so there are not hornets
Chela slaughtered with the uterus and done
here is such a rotary thing in this
position on hangs on a tree when
bees be shot like this
put there a little bit there
nail or screws boat i mean you
closed completely mystical can be removed
hang thats the whole trap that is
traps
buy sheet hardboard can be stamped already
Now we need to do them and then we
spring
there will be no need to set traps
buy people that is, make the initial
install your bee water business to new
meetings and go to the site homemade power
here is the point ru
subscribe to the channel will go out
new videos all new meetings